Little Junior Brother Little Junior Brother
When will you be able to get out of customs?
This is burning eyebrows
If you don't leave the customs again
I'm really in a hurry to smash your door
Little Junior Sister Senior Brother
How is the battle going now?
We won a few games.
Oh forget it
We've lost eight straight.
How is this possible?
We didn't lose so badly in old age.
Then who knows?
Keep losing like this
This year's two big bills are all over
Forget it, we won't wait for the little junior brother.
Let's go and see the situation first
vulnerable
Does the Skywolf Sect have such a thing?
Hahahaha
Ouyang is always sorry for me
Another win
Hey, hey, nine consecutive defeats
Haha, you Skywolf Sect
Is there any need to continue fighting?
Ah!
Master
Want me to see that there is no successor to the Skywolf Gate
It can be directly merged into my Canopy Sword Sect
Wang Fulie goes too far
Dong Qiuhua, this is not me bullying you
The cultivation world relies on true ability
You are useless and you can't beat me, Tianpeng Sword Monk
Why does this blame me?
Why haven't you appeared at a time like Ye Wuji?
Finally broke through the six relatives
The Return of Man
Brother is so big
So big.
Here I come.